.TH KISSMUX 1 "February 2026" "kissmux" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
kissmux \- KISS device to TCP KISS multiplexer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kissmux
[\fB\-listen\fR \fIADDR\fR]
[\fB\-device\fR \fIPATH\fR]
[\fB\-max-frame\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB\-client-buf\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB\-drop-after\fR \fIDURATION\fR]
[\fB\-idle-timeout\fR \fIDURATION\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kissmux
owns a single KISS device (e.g. /dev/soundmodem0) and exposes it as a multi-client
TCP KISS hub.

Inbound frames from the device are broadcast to all connected TCP clients.
Outbound frames from clients are serialized before being written to the device
to prevent frame interleaving.

kissmux does not interpret AX.25 or APRS contents. It operates purely at the
KISS framing layer.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-listen
TCP listen address (default :8001).
Examples:
127.0.0.1:8001 (localhost only)
:8001 (all interfaces)

.TP
.B \-device
Path to KISS device (default /dev/soundmodem0).

.TP
.B \-max-frame
Maximum allowed payload size (bytes) inside a single KISS frame.
Oversized frames reset the parser for safety.
Default: 4096.

.TP
.B \-client-buf
Per-client outbound channel buffer size (number of frames).
If a client falls behind and its buffer fills, it will be dropped.
Default: 128.

.TP
.B \-drop-after
Maximum duration allowed for a TCP write to a client.
If a client blocks longer than this, it is disconnected.
Default: 2s.

.TP
.B \-idle-timeout
Maximum allowed idle time (no reads from client).
If non-zero, clients exceeding this duration are disconnected.
A value of 0 disables idle timeouts.
Default: 0.

.SH OPERATIONAL NOTES
Only kissmux should open the KISS device.
All other applications (e.g., APRX, YAAC) should connect via TCP.

Slow or non-responsive TCP clients are dropped to protect the RF path.

.SH EXAMPLES

Start locally (recommended for use with APRX):
.PP
.RS
kissmux -listen 127.0.0.1:8001 -device /dev/soundmodem0
.RE

Expose to LAN clients:
.PP
.RS
kissmux -listen :8001 -device /dev/soundmodem0
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
AE4OK infrastructure tooling
